## Security Test-Driven Design
Security Test-Driven Design, also known as security test driven development. is an extension of the functional Test-Driven Design (TDD) methodology which adds security related requirements (and the respective tests) into the normal delivery process. In the case of security requirements, the idea is to state a requirement in a scenario that should NOT happen. Those scenarios are known as abuser stories (compared to the usual user stories). These stories are non-technical descriptions of potential vulnerabilities that should be addressed into the sprint. Prioritization is based on a risk analysis (high risk and high consequence gives a story priority). Potential Security User stories should be derived together with Security test scenarios to make the mitigation of these stories concrete.

> Writing Security test specifications also shares a positive effect of TDD: It acts as a design tool that will help development teams produce a more secure solution. Just the fact of having the Abuser Story makes them think of security from the start. With some experience, the effect can even be that the test seems redundant because the resulting implementation often becomes secure by design. There are two limitations to this strategy.

1.  The tests can only prove the presence of a vulnerability, not the absence of it. Code review also has an important place in the process. A review can find bugs that the writer of the tests did not think of. The best way of finding vulnerabilities is to combine code review with manual, automated testing and penetration testing. Automated testing provides a solid baseline and enables testers to really focus on the difficult stuff.
2.  Testing is designed to find potential problems rather than avoid them. By analogy, no matter how many crash tests a car goes through, only using a more robust frame or other design characteristics will improve the safety.